Trx Checker

Script for verifying the parameters generated by Trx.

All relevant information about Trx can be found on:
http://trx.epfl.ch/

Verification consists of two parts:
  - SlothUnicorn verification:
      Check if sloth hash generated by Trx is indeed
      generated from given tweets and image files.
  - Trx verification:
      Check if generated elliptic curve parameters are OK.

For running the script, you need Python, Sage and Magma installed.
  - Script is implemented in Python.
  - Sage is used because of its interface to Magma.
  - Magma is used for SEA algorithm, because the SEA
    implementation in Sage does not support early abort
    and this is huge efficiency problem.

Following command runs the script:

sage -python trx_checker.py

For available options add '-h'.
There is one mandatory command line argument:
  - the name of the directory where all the needed files
    are located.
Optional arguments are:
  -t NUM_THREADS, set number of threads to be used
  -ss, skip verification of Sloth
  -sc, skip verification of curve parameters
  -r , use the information from rejected_curves file in process
       of curve parameter verification(this will speed up the
       verification)

Script expects following directory structure:
  - master
    |--src
       |--trx_checker.py
       |--utils.py
    |--curve_parameters
       |--128_664
          |--raw_data.txt
          |--tweets.txt
               ...
       |--192_640
          |--raw_data.txt
          |--tweets.txt
               ...

If you want to check parameters for one of the curves
published on the website (http://trx.epfl.ch/),
just download the corresponding .zip file end extract it
to the curve_parameters directory.

Example: Check parameters for curve located in dir '128_664'
sage -python trx_checker.py 128_664

The result will be dumped in the same directory in the file
named 'trx_checker_output.txt'
